A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
A dubious friend may be an enemy in camouflage.
A feather in the hand is better than a bird in the air. 
A fresh start will put you on your way.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A gambler not only will lose what he has, but also will lose what he doesn't have.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
A good friendship is often more important than a passionate romance.
A good time to finish up old tasks. 
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
A light heart carries you through all the hard times.
A new perspective will come with the new year. 
A person is never to  old to learn. 
A person of words and not deeds is like a garden full of weeds.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
A smile is your personal welcome mat.
A smooth long journey! Great expectations.
A soft voice may be awfully persuasive.
A truly rich life contains love and art in abundance.
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
Adventure can be real happiness.
Advice is like kissing. It costs nothing and is a pleasant thing to do.
Advice, when most needed, is least heeded.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
All will go well with your new project.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
Allow compassion to guide your decisions.
An agreeable romance might begin to take on the appearance.
An important person will offer you support.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
Any decision you have to make tomorrow is a good decision.
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
Beauty in its various forms appeals to you. 
Because you demand more from yourself, others respect you deeply.
Believe in yourself and others will too.
Believe it can be done.
Better ask twice than lose yourself once.
Carve your name on your heart and not on marble.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!
Competence like yours is underrated.
Congratulations! You are on your way.
Could I get some directions to your heart? 
Courtesy begins in the home.
Courtesy is contagious.
Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Depart not from the path which fate has you assigned.
Determination is what you need now.
Disbelief destroys the magic.
Distance yourself from the vain.
Do not be intimidated by the eloquence of others.
Do not demand for someone's soul if you already got his heart.
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.
Do not make extra work for yourself.
Do not underestimate yourself. Human beings have unlimited potentials.
Don't be discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
Don't confuse recklessness with confidence. 
Don't just spend time. Invest it.
Don't just think, act!
Don't let friends impose on you, work calmly and silently.
Don't let the past and useless detail choke your existence.
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Don't worry; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Each day, compel yourself to do something you would rather not do.
Education is the ability to meet life's situations.
Emulate what you admire in your parents. 
Emulate what you respect in your friends.
Every flower blooms in its own sweet time.
Every wise man started out by asking many questions.
Everyday in your life is a special occasion.
Failure is the chance to do better next time.
Fear and desire — two sides of the same coin.
Feeding a cow with roses does not get extra appreciation.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.
Fortune Not Found: Abort, Retry, Ignore?
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
Get your mind set — confidence will lead you on.
Get your mind set…confidence will lead you on.
Go take a rest; you deserve it.
Good news will be brought to you by mail.
Good news will come to you by mail.
Good to begin well, better to end well.
Happiness begins with facing life with a smile and a wink.
Happiness will bring you good luck.
Happy life is just in front of you.
Hard words break no bones, fine words butter no parsnips.
Have a beautiful day.
He who expects no gratitude shall never be disappointed. 
He who knows he has enough is rich.
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a chinese bakery!
How you look depends on where you go.
I learn by going where I have to go.
If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.
If certainty were truth, we would never be wrong.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can't do a thing, you're right.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted.
If your desires are not to extravagant they will be granted. 
Imagination rules the world.
In order to take, one must first give.
In the end all things will be known.
It could be better, but its good enough.
It is better to be an optimist and proven a fool than to be a pessimist and be proven right.
It is better to deal with problems before they arise.
It is honorable to stand up for what is right, however unpopular it seems.
It is worth reviewing some old lessons.
It takes courage to admit fault.
It's time to get moving. Your spirits will lift accordingly.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see shadows.
Let the world be filled with tranquility and goodwill.
Like the river flow into the sea. Something are just meant to be.
Listen not to vain words of empty tongue.
Listen to everyone. Ideas come from everywhere.
Living with a commitment to excellence shall take you far.
Long life is in store for you.
Love is a warm fire to keep the soul warm.
Love is like sweet medicine, good to the last drop.
Love lights up the world.
Love truth, but pardon error. 
Man is born to live and not prepared to live.
Man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains it's original dimensions.
Many will travel to hear you speak.
Meditation with an old enemy is advised.
Miles are covered one step at a time.
Nature, time and patience are the three great physicians.
Never fear! The end of something marks the start of something new.
New ideas could be profitable.
New people will bring you new realizations, especially about big issues. 
No one can walk backwards into the future.
Now is a good time to buy stock.
Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!
Now is the time to try something new
Now is the time to try something new.
Others can help you now.
Pennies from heaven find their way to your doorstep this year!
People are attracted by your Delicate features.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on saving.
Physical activity will dramatically improve your outlook today.
Place special emphasis on old friendship.
Practice makes perfect.
Protective measures will prevent costly disasters.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Remember to share good fortune as well as bad with your friends.
Rest has a peaceful effect on your physical and emotional health.
Resting well is as important as working hard.
Romance moves you in a new direction.
Savor your freedom — it is precious.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
Self-knowledge is a life long process.
Share your joys and sorrows with your family.
Sloth makes all things difficult; industry all easy.
Small confidences mark the onset of a friendship.
Society prepares the crime; the criminal commits it.
Someone you care about seeks reconciliation.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Stand tall. Don't look down upon yourself. 
Staying close to home is going to be best for your morale today
Stop searching forever, happiness is just next to you.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Swimming is easy. Stay floating is hard.
Take care and sensitivity you show towards others will return to you.
Take the high road.
Technology is the art of arranging the world so we do not notice it.
The austerity you see around you covers the richness of life like a veil.
The best prediction of future is the past.
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.
The change you started already have far-reaching effects. Be ready.
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
The night life is for you.
The one that recognizes the illusion does not act as if it is real.
The only people who never fail are those who never try.
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
The saints are the sinners who keep on trying.
The secret to good friends is no secret to you. 
The small courtesies sweeten life, the greater ennoble it.
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
The strong person understands how to withstand substantial loss.
The sure way to predict the future is to invent it.
The truly generous share, even with the undeserving.
The value lies not within any particular thing, but in the desire placed on that thing.
The weather is wonderful. 
There is no mistake so great as that of being always right.
There is no wisdom greater than kindness. 
There is not greater pleasure than seeing your lived  ones prosper.
There's no such thing as an ordinary cat.
Things don't just happen; they happen just.
Those who care will make the effort.
Time and patience are called for many surprises await you!. 
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
Today is the conserve yourself, as things just won't budge.
Today, your mouth might be moving but no one is listening.
Tonight you will be blinded by passion.
Use your eloquence where it will do the most good.
Welcome change.
Welcome is a powerful word.
Well done is better than well said.
What's hidden in an empty box?
What's yours in mine, and what's mine is mine.
When more become too much. It's same as being not enough.
When your heart is pure, your mind is clear.
Wish you happiness.
You always bring others happiness.
You are a person of another time.
You are a talented storyteller. 
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability.
You are almost there.
You are busy, but you are happy.
You are generous to an extreme and always think of the other fellow.
You are going to have some new clothes. 
You are in good hands this evening.
You are modest and courteous.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
You are next in line for promotion in your firm.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!
You are open-minded and quick to make new friends. 
You are solid and dependable.
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
You are talented in many ways.
You are the master of every situation. 
You are very expressive and positive in words, act and feeling.
You are working hard.
You begin to appreciate how important it is to share your personal beliefs.
You can keep a secret.
You can see a lot just by looking.
You can't steal second base and keep your foot on first.
You desire recognition and you will find it.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired. 
You have a shrewd knack for spotting insincerity.
You have a yearning for perfection. 
You have an active mind and a keen imagination.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have an unusual equipment for success, use it properly.
You have exceeded what was expected.
You have the power to write your own fortune.
You have yearning for perfection.
You know where you are going and how to get there.
You look pretty.
You love challenge.
You love chinese food.
You make people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems. 
You seek to shield those you love and like the role of provider. 
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You should pay for this check. Be generous.
You understand how to have fun with others and to enjoy your solitude.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will be a great success both in the business world and society. 
You will be blessed with longevity.
You will be pleasantly surprised tonight.
You will be sharing great news with all the people you love.
You will be successful in your work.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You will be unusually successful in business.
You will become a great philanthropist in your later years.
You will become more and more wealthy.
You will enjoy good health.
You will enjoy good health; you will be surrounded by luxury.
You will find great contentment in the daily, routine activities.
You will have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
You will make change for the better.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
You will take a chance in something in near future.
You will travel far and wide, both pleasure and business.
You will travel far and wide,both pleasure and business.
Your abilities are unparalleled.
Your ability is appreciated.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
Your biggest virtue is your modesty.
Your character can be described as natural and unrestrained.
Your difficulties will strengthen you.
Your dreams are never silly; depend on them to guide you.
Your dreams are worth your best efforts to achieve them.
Your energy returns and you get things done.
Your family is young, gifted and attractive.
Your first love has never forgotten you.
Your happiness is before you, not behind you! Cherish it.
Your hard work will payoff today.
Your heart will always make itself known through your words.
Your home is the center of great love.
Your ideals are well within your reach.
Your infinite capacity for patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your leadership qualities will be tested and proven.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Your life will get more and more exciting.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your love of music will be an important part of your life.
Your loyalty is a virtue, but not when it's wedded with blind stubbornness.
Your mentality is alert, practical, and analytical.
Your mind is creative, original and alert.
Your mind is your greatest asset.
Your moods signal a period of change.
Your quick wits will get you out of a tough situation.
Your success will astonish everyone. 
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.
A cheerful letter or message is on its way to you.
A child is a fire ready to be lit.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
A closed mouth catches no flies.
A cynic is a person who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
A day for firm decisions! Or is it?
A diversity of friends is a credit to your flexible nature.
A fresh start will put you on your way.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
A half truth is a whole lie.
A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it.
A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine.
A neat desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
A new perspective will come with the new year.
A new project will enliven your conversation.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
A signature always reveals a man's character… and sometimes even his name.
A stable house depends on solid foundations.
A sure cure for seasickness is to sit under a tree.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's. She changes it more often.
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties.
Act in hast, repent in leisure.
All men are mortal. Socrates was mortal. Therefore, all men are Socrates.
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
All will go well with your new project.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
All your hopes, dreams and fears are the beginning of the future.
Always finish what you st…
Always laugh at yourself before others do.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Always try to make other people happy, even if you have to leave them alone to do it.
An agreeable romance might begin to take on the appearance.
An empty stomach is not a good political advisor.
An important person will offer you support.
An investment in the community will reap high returns of good will.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance. Be stingy with your anger.
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
Be direct, usually one can accomplish more that way.
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
Beauty in its various forms appeals to you.
Beauty is only a light switch away.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes right to the bone.
Because you demand more from yourself, others respect you deeply.
Being number two sucks.
Believe it can be done.
Bend the willow while it is young.
Better poor, young and wise, than rich, old and a fool.
Better to live well than to live long.
Boomerangs are coming back
Both folly and wisdom come upon us in years.
Cast no dirt in the well that gives you water.
Celebrate your identity by resisting categorization.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!
Chopsticks are one of the reasons the Chinese never invented custard.
Competence like yours is underrated.
Confident people are able to laugh at themselves.
Congratulations! You are on your way.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Determination is what you need now.
Diplomacy is the art of saying Nice doggie! till you can find a rock.
Do not be intimidated by the eloquence of others.
Do not confuse what is valuable with that which is sought after.
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.
Do not make extra work for yourself.
Do something new today.
Don't be hasty, prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Don't confuse recklessness with confidence.
Don't corner something meaner than you.
Don't just think, act!
Don't let friends impose on you, work calmly and silently.
Don't let the past and useless detail choke your existence.
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Don't miss the beautiful colors of the rainbow looking for the pot of gold.
Don't worry; prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Eighty percent of success is just showing up.
Emulate what you admire in your parents.
Emulate what you respect in your friends.
Even if the voices aren't real, they still have some good ideas!
Every obnoxious act is a cry for help.
Everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
Faith is knowing there is an ocean because you have seen a stream.
Find a job you love and you'll never work a day in your life.
Follow the river and you will find the sea.
Forgive your enemies. It messes with their heads.
Fortune favors the brave.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
Get your mind set; confidence will lead you on.
Give yourself permission to celebrate.
Go take a rest; you deserve it.
Goals mean little without action.
Good news will be brought to you by mail.
Good news will come to you from far away.
Good things are being said about you.
Good wine makes a bad head and a good story.
Grant me patience, but please hurry.
Great thought comes from the heart.
Guns don't kill people. Bullets flying really really fast kill people
Half of all doctors graduated in the bottom half of their class.
Happiness is a path, not a destination.
Happiness is liking what you get.
Happiness will bring you good luck.
Happy life is just in front of you.
Hard work has a future. Laziness pays off now.
Have a beautiful day.
Have confidence in your unusual perceptiveness.
He who cannot endure the bad will not live to see the good.
He who conducts his affairs based on advice found in cheap baked goods is a knucklehead.
He who dies with the most toys is nonetheless dead.
He who laughs last didn't understand the joke
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a fortune cookie factory.
Hope is the denial of reality.
Hope you're not going home by car tonight; it's just been clamped.
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
How high could you go if you knew you wouldn't fall?
I can see up your nose.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
I smile because I have no idea what's going on!
If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you.
If everything seems to be going well, you've obviously overlooked something.
If it jams force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
If it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight.
If study be neglected in youth, what will you do in old age?
If voting could really change things it would be illegal.
If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
If you can dream it, then you can achieve it.
If you can read this you don't need glasses.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
If you do not change the direction in which you are going, you will end up where you are headed.
If you don't take care of your customers and employees, someone else will.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of mortgage payments.
If your desires are not to extravagant they will be granted.
If your wife wants to learn to drive, don't stand in her way.
Ignorance is a powerful excuse.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Insanity is hereditary. You catch it from your kids.
Insecurity is your biggest hurdle.
Is knowledge knowable? If not, how do we know this?
It is an ill cook that cannot lick his own fingers.
It is easy to be wise after the event.
It is less painful to learn in youth than to be ignorant in age.
It is more noble to make yourself great than to be born so.
It is worth reviewing some old lessons.
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
It will get easier once you make the initial push.
It's a grand thing, to be loved! And a grander thing still, to love!
It's as BAD as you think, and they ARE out to get you!
It's time to get moving. Your spirits will lift accordingly.
Just because you think you're paranoid. Doesn't mean someone isn't following you.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
Keep your sense of humor; Always look to being number one.
Laugh at your problems: everyone else does.
Laugh in the face of danger, then hide until it goes away.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
Laughter translates into any language.
Lead others to a difficult, but necessary, conclusion.
Let the world be filled with tranquility and goodwill.
Life is not about how fast you run, or how high you climb, but how well you bounce.
Listen to everyone. Ideas come from everywhere.
Living with a commitment to excellence shall take you far.
Look behind you.
Man who run in front of car get tired: man who run behind car get exhausted.
Man with one chopstick go hungry.
Many will travel to hear you speak.
Marriage is a wonderful invention; but, then again so is a bicycle repair kit.
Mediation with an old enemy is advised.
Meditation with an old enemy is advised.
Men love with their eyes; women love with their ears.
Money can't buy you happiness but it does bring you a more pleasant form of misery.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Most of the stuff people worry about never happens.
Nappies and politicians need to be changed… often for the same reasons.
Necessity never made a good bargain.
Never argue with an idiot. They drag you down to their level, then beat you with experience.
Never give up. And never, under any circumstances, face the facts.
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.
Never stand between a dog and the lamp post.
Never take a job where winter winds can blow up your trousers.
Never test the depth of water with both feet.
New ideas could be profitable.
New people will bring you new realizations, especially about big issues.
Nice to be here? At your age it's nice to be anywhere.
No man is the worse for knowing the worst of himself.
No one is listening until you make a mistake.
No one waits for yesterday.
No time like the present.
No wonder you always go home alone.
Now is a good time to buy stocks.
Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!
Now is the time to try something new.
One good turn gets most of the duvet.
One learns by failing.
One of your aspirations is within your grasp.
One the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down.
One who can speak, speaks of markets; one who can't speaks merely of household affairs.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men don't change.
Others can help you now.
Others want to enlist you for your valuable assistance.
Pennies from heaven will find their way to your doorstep this year!
People are attracted by you.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.
People who say they are perfect have already proven themselves wrong.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on saving.
Physical activity will dramatically improve your outlook today.
Place special emphasis on old friendship.
Protective measures will prevent costly disasters.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it doesn't go away.
Relief will be granted if you request it.
Remember that half the people you know are below average.
Remember to fulfill the promise you made to yourself.
Remember, no matter how hard you try, there is always about a million people better than you.
Resting well is as important as working hard.
Romance moves you in a new direction.
Say hello to others. You will have a happier day.
Seven days without laughter makes one weak.
Share your happiness with others today.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
Silence may suggest wisdom.
Small confidences mark the onset of a friendship.
Some days you are the bug, some days you are the windshield.
Someone you care about seeks reconciliation.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Soon you will be sitting on top of the world.
Sorrow looks back, worry looks around, faith looks up.
Stand tall. Don't look down upon yourself.
Stop searching, happiness is just next to you.
Strange that psychics have to ask you for your name.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Success is getting what you want.
Take a minute to gaze above and beyond your usual view. You may notice some stains on the ceiling.
Take care and sensitivity you show towards others will return to you.
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
Take the high road.
That person with whom you exchanged suggestive glances? No, they didn't fancy you.
The austerity you see around you covers the richness of life like a veil.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
The harder you work, the luckier you will get.
The heart is wiser than the intellect.
The impossible is often the untried.
The light of a hundred stars cannot equal the light of the moon.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
The nicer anything tastes, the worse it is for you.
The night life is for you.
The only good is knowledge and the only evil ignorance.
The only reason some people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.
The only thing that sets us apart from animals is that we're not afraid of vacuum cleaners.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
The secret to good friends is no secret to you.
The seeds of an idea you planted long ago finally blossom.
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
The supreme happiness in life is the conviction that we are loved.
The truly generous share, even with the undeserving.
The truth is out there, Anyone know the URL?
The world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
There are three types of people the world does not understand: madmen, geniuses and people who mumble
There is always room at the top.
There is no distance on this earth as far away as yesterday.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Time brings everything for those who wait.
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.
Today is the conserve yourself, as things just won't budge.
Today, your mouth might be moving but no one is listening.
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Tonight you will be blinded by passion.
Treat your friends as you treat your most cherished relatives.
Use your eloquence where it will do the most good.
We are born crying, live complaining, and die disappointed.
Welcome change.
Whatever has been attained is attainable.
When in doubt, select one of the classics.
When luck enters, give her a seat.
When people tell you that you have a great personality, they're really thinking, "DAMN! You're so ugly!
When you can't solve the problem, manage it.
Where bees are, there is honey.
Why should he, who does not honour his parents when living, mourn for them when dead?
Willingness to compromise is often a sign of strength.
Wisdom goes not always by years.
Wisdom is the sunlight of the soul.
Women's faults are many, men have just two! Everything they say and everything they do!
Work methodically on one problem at a time.
Wow! Bet you aren't shy in the changing rooms!
You always bring others happiness.
You are a person of another time.
You are a person of culture.
You are a practical person with your feet on the ground.
You are a talented storyteller
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability.
You are almost there.
You are always welcome in any gathering.
You are busy, but you are happy.
You are generous to an extreme and always think of the other fellow.
You are going to have some new clothes.
You are heading in the right direction.
You are in good hands this evening.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
You are next in line for promotion in your firm.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!
You are solid and dependable.
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
You are talented in many ways.
You are the master of every situation.
You are very expressive and positive in words, act and feeling.
You are working hard.
You begin to appreciate how important it is to share your personal beliefs.
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
You desire recognition and you will find it.
You don't stop laughing because you grow old. You grow old because you stop laughing.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired.
You have a shrewd knack for spotting insincerity.
You have a yearning for perfection.
You have an active mind and a keen imagination.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have exceeded what was expected.
You have great stories to tell.
You have style and panache.
You have the power to write your own fortune.
You have yearning for perfection.
You heart is pure, and your mind is clear, and soul devout.
You love challenge.
You love Chinese food.
You make people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
You may only be one person to the world, but you may also be the world to one person.
You must acknowledge your weaknesses to become strong.
You must play the game to win.
You need to reserve more time for yourself.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You never miss your water until your well runs dry.
You radiate goodness.
You seek to shield those you love and like the role of provider.
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You understand how to have fun with others and to enjoy your solitude.
You were spotted dancing the other night; don't give up the day job.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will be a great success both in the business world and society.
You will be blessed with longevity.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You will be fortunate in everything you put your hands to.
You will be inspired by your conscience.
You will be loved fiercely for yourself.
You will be showered with good luck.
You will be successful in your work.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You will be unusually successful in business.
You will become a great philanthropist in your later years.
You will become more and more wealthy.
You will enjoy good health.
You will enjoy good health; you will be surrounded by luxury.
You will find great contentment in the daily, routine activities.
You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want.
You will get it all done.
You will have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
You will inherit a large but not exorbitant sum of money.
You will make change for the better.
You will soon be crossing the great waters.
You will soon be honored by someone you respect.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
You will take a chance in something in near future.
You will travel far and wide, both for pleasure and business.
You will win success in whatever you adopt
Your abilities are appreciated.
Your abilities are unparalleled.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
Your best defense strategy is to adopt a cooperative posture.
Your biggest virtue is your modesty.
Your character can be described as natural and unrestrained.
Your difficulties will strengthen you.
Your dreams are never silly; depend on them to guide you.
Your dreams are worth your best efforts to achieve them.
Your eloquence has a persuasive impact.
Your energy returns and you get things done.
Your first love has never forgotten you.
Your generous tendencies bring you admiration.
Your happiness is before you, not behind you! Cherish it.
Your hard work will pay off today.
Your heart will always make itself known through your words.
Your home is the center of great love.
Your ideals are well within your reach.
Your infinite capacity for patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your kindred spirit is vodka.
Your leadership qualities will be tested and proven.
Your life should be recorded for prosperity.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Your life will get more and more exciting.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your love of music will be an important part of your life.
Your loyalty is a virtue, but not when it's wedded with blind stubbornness.
Your mind is your greatest asset.
Your next meeting will be more productive.
Your quick wits will get you out of a tough situation.
Your success will astonish everyone.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.
You're not a complete idiot, some parts are missing.
You're too good for him.
404: Fortune Cookie Message Not Found!
Chase a dog down a passage, and he will turn again and bite you.
Clever men are sometimes the dupes of their own cleverness.
The man may be bad whilst his manners are not.
Quarrels cannot escape the verdict of public opinion.
The swallow which builds its nest on a bamboo door screen, will find it difficult to rest.
Build a cottage by the roadside, and you will not get it finished in three years.
The only rose without a thorn is friendship.
Many receive advice; few profit by it.
You have a keen sense of humor and love a good time.
Keep a promise.
You are demonstrative with those you love.
You are both loyal and self-reliant.
It is better to walk alone than in bad company.
Laws die, books never.
You will have many friends.
Others see you as a wise person.
Time is not measured by a watch, but by moments.
Judge not according to the appearance.
You love chinese food.
Knowing and not doing are equal to not knowing at all.
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
Consider purchasing a kazoo.
One look is worth ten thousand words.
You create your own stage. The audience is waiting.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
Financial opportunity lies ahead.
Friendship is the answer to happiness.
It is much wiser to take advice than to give it.
True love is only found in the heart.
You are the center of every group's attention.
Your leadership qualities will shine soon.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
Family comes in many forms.
You will soon gain something you have always wanted.
Alas! You are the apple of my eye.
You will soon have an opportunity to make a change to your advantage.
A fool at forty is a fool indeed.
Life's reward will be yours.
Death is coming.
Strong and bitter words indicate a weak cause.
A strong cup of tea ails many woes.
He who expects no gratitude shall never be disappointed.
Cleverness is serviceable for everything, sufficient for nothing.
In silence man can most readily preserve his integrity.
Versatility is one of your outstanding traits.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
Nothing in the world is difficult if one sets her mind to it.
You have so much to be thankful for.
Life's reward will be yours.
You will soon be filled with determination.
Depart not from the path which fate has you assigned.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A present is a friend you give yourself.
Ask advice, but use your own common sense.
The law sometimes sleeps, but never dies. 
Try a new system or a different approach.
An investment in enthusiasm ought to start to pay off.
Others appreciate you more than you think.
Life is not a struggle, but a wiggle.
A nice cake is waiting for you.
You find beauty in ordinary things. Do not lose this ability.
A merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance.
An ounce of gold cannot buy an ounce of time.
A challenge is near.
Share your idea and watch them grow.
A well directed imagination is the source of great deeds.
Accept the next proposition you hear.
Your efforts will be worthwhile. 
You are very responsible.
You are compassionate and understanding.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
Find your place and make it yours.
You are careful and systematic.
Happy events will take place shortly in your home.
You will become an accomplished writer.
Find release from your cares, have a good time.
Your actions reveal your thoughts more than you realize.
Your future will be happy and productive.
Duck!
You will soon be crossing the great waters.
You are demonstrative with those you love.
Why not smooch a ghost?
You are the center of every group's attention.
Compromise in a dispute between friends is rarely regretted.
Things are not always what they seem.
None of the secrets of success will work unless you do.
Fame, riches and romance are yours for the asking.
For a good cause, wrongdoing may be virtuous.
Every excess becomes a vice.
Take a moment to focus on your breathing.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
Life does not end at 21, it only gets better. 
You will soon have an opportunity to make a change to your advantage.
Rarely do great beauty and great virtue dwell together as they do in you.
Good news is on its way.
A challenge is near.
A job promotion is in your future.
Watch out for owls.
A quiet evening with friends is the best tonic for a long day.
True love is only found in the heart.
We would often be sorry if our wishes came true.
Avoid crawfish.
If you would be loved, love and be loveable.
Walk through life with a good heart and you will run with success.
Unwind and enjoy a frisky romance.
You are often unaware of the effect you have on others.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
A penny saved is not worth much, honestly.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Your tongue is your ambassador.
Big journeys begin with a single step.
May you have a good appetite.
A part of us remains wherever we have been.
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it.
If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you've always gotten.
Love because it is the only true adventure.
You will get what your heart desires.
You will move to a wonderful new home within the year.
You don't need strength to let go of something. What you really need is understanding.
Two important decisions shall be made by you soon.
Love is like war, easy to begin but hard to stop. 
You will be graced by the presence of a loved one soon.
Watch out for the moon.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
Success lies in the hands of those who want it.
Your emotional currents are flowing powerfully now.
You will be happy to receive good news.
He who gets the credits gets the blame.
To love and be loved is like feeling the sun from both sides.
Follow the advice of your heart.
The time is right to make a new friend.
Don't worry.
Dessert can make you happy.
Time heals all wounds. Keep your chin up.
It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
You will be hungry again in one hour.
A mile walked with a friend contains only a hundred steps.
If it seems the fates are against you today, they probably are.
Someday you will write a book.
You wear the brains in the family.
Consider a fruitful carreer as a witch.
I cannot help you, for I am just a cookie.
The harder the fall, the higher the bounce.
They are never alone who are accompanied by noble thought.
Take the chance while you still have the choice.
Keep on keeping on.
Look for someone's strength instead of weakness.
Laugh loudly, laugh often.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
Come back later, I am sleeping.
Ignore previous cookie.
Go after what you want, as there's no time like the present.
Our first and last love is self love.
You will soon emerge victorious from the maze you've been traveling in.
No trees touch the sky.
Your dreams are never silly, depend on them to guide you.
The best things in life are free.
Silence is a virtue.
Go above and beyond your duty. You will benefit from it.
